# Overwatch Playlist


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRFHAvdwXXs # Miley Cyrus - Wrecking Ball
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAB1IM2qxCY # Ariana Grande - Focus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KxMAlB8EZE # Sarah Machlachlan - Building a Mystery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dy4HA3vUv2c # Blue Oyster Cult - Don't Fear The Reaper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pP_RIjcsMrw # Tokyo Police Club - Your English is Good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wO4hr-hKB3k # CHON - Bubble Dream


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLV4_xaYynY # Jimi Hendrix - All Along the Watchtower
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZBlqcbpmxY # Jimi Hendrix - Voodoo Child (Slight Return)


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yG96RttfZtM # Vulfpeck - Back Pocket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBOWeP70VHA # Frank Ocean - Lost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0IUR4gkPIE # Wu-Tang Clan - Protect Ya Neck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5X5zh00rdg # MC Hammer - Can't Touch This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkmmTyN2BXs # Will Smith - Wild Wild West
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NvS351QKFV4 # Dschinghis Khan - Moskau 1979
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12vh55_1ul8 # Basshunter - DOTA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jdcOXDl-bA # Yeah Yeah Yeahs - Maps


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzDft0DZRUw # Michael Jackson - Heal the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIx_HbmRnQY # Michael Jackson - Thriller
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-DyQ268AFs # Michael Jackson - Dangerous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBrWNbjw3RA # Michael Jackson - Smooth Criminal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zi_XLOBDo_Y # Michael Jackson - Billie Jean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2PAkPp0_bY # Michael Jackson - Beat It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjZwi_PJiio # Michael Jackson - Black or White
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yURRmWtbTbo # Michael Jackson - Don't Stop Til You Get Enough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsUXAEzaC3Q # Michael Jackson - Bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5X-Mrc2l1d0 # Michael Jackson - Rock With You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ru6XlZKZDg # Michael Jackson - The Way You Make Me Feel


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0Ji2sxk0Uc # TV On The Radio - Mercy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j1-xRk6llh4 # TV On The Radio - Wolf Like Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1YDIdamCwc # TV On the Radio - Halfway Home


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JoJ8WrAw5A # Talking Heads - Psycho Killer


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWNaR-rxAic # Carly Rae Jepsen - Call Me Maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1LNQBX8JwE # Carly Rae Jepsen - Boy Problems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qV5lzRHrGeg # Carly Rae Jepsen - I Really Like You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TeccAtqd5K8 # Carly Rae Jepsen - Run Away With Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBOE1aUNZVo # Carly Rae Jepsen - Tonight I'm Getting Over You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_zD5-ij7So # Carly Rae Jepsen - I Didn't Just Come Here To Dance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjPcGmt9QOI # Carly Rae Jepsen - Turn Me Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCCBgJ-teqY # Carly Rae Jepsen - First Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_98VZT9s7M0 # Carly Rae Jepsen - Your Type


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXor30_XZMY # Grimes - Medieval Warfare
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2EJMd7ZN7w # Grimes - Kill V. Maim




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=466VHt8KldM # System of a Down - Chop Suey!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8-UYlbg73o # System Of A Down - Toxicity


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wD5s6X56mBs # Beastie Boys- Brass Monkey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5kisPBwZOM # Pat Benatar - Hit Me With Your Best Shot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGVZOLV9SPo # Pat Benatar - Love Is A Battlefield


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fi8kYcl2Y38 # Tangled - Mother Knows Best


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjwV5w0IrcA # Foreigner - Cold As Ice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fr6KVNt-1Ek # Foreigner - Juke Box Hero
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXo28e30SKc # Foreigner - Hot Blooded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Tl-kOcnn1U # Foreigner - Feels Like The First Time


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTA0DSfrGZ0 # Chaos Chaos - Do You Feel It?


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CmXWkMlKFkI # Mötley Crüe - Kickstart My Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TR3Vdo5etCQ # No Doubt - Don't Speak
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZktNItwexo # No Doubt - Spiderwebs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHzOOQfhPFg # No Doubt - Just A Girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvHYWD29ZNY # Lil Dicky - Save Dat Money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocGiulPm3IU # Lil Dicky - Lemme Freak
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VV1XWJN3nJo # Natalie Imbruglia - Torn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3Vynew5mrw # Iron Maiden - The Number Of The Beast Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZlDZPYzfm4 # Iron Maiden - Run To The Hills


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMNgbISmF4I # Aerosmith - Crazy


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hyKZqh9wC8 # Radiohead - Planet Telex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Uhz0gaw5oI # Radiohead - The Bends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_qMagfZtv8 # Radiohead - Just
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QMofVU0lXFg # Radiohead - My Iron Lung
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BdW1iL8V0tY # Radiohead - Black Star
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTItWuCFfZA # Radiohead - Sulk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9QGO-fXh_w4 # Radiohead - Airbag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEK5Ndsz5cg # Radiohead - Identikit


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aeETEoNfOg # The Smashing Pumpkins - 1979
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOG3eus4ZSo # The Smashing Pumpkins - Tonight Tonight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmUZ6nCFNoU # The Smashing Pumpkins - Today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-r-V0uK4u0 # The Smashing Pumpkins - Bullet with Butterfly Wings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-KE9lvU810 # The Smashing Pumpkins - Cherub Rock


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgSPaXgAdzE # Beck - Loser


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENXvZ9YRjbo # Weezer - Say It Ain't So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kjr7US2Z9aY # Weezer - Buddy Holly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTZNDyn65mo # Weezer - Beverly Hills




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqbMrRDOu34 # Feint - Homebound


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CrFcxR4Y6C0 # Danny Harle ft Carly Rae Jepsen - Super Natural


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdQY7BusJNU # Cyndi Lauper - Time After Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjFPypzsIWw # Novaspace - Time After Time


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKsxPW6i3pM # Jimmy Eat World - The Middle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROatPGGMvXg # Jimmy Eat World - Sweetness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vC587OXtsAY # Jimmy Eat World - Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAa2KuxXSYw # Jimmy Eat World - Big Casino
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qPw4kv43gk # Jimmy Eat World - Futures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0085_FUpics # Jimmy Eat World - 23


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfWlot6h_JM # Taylor Swift - Shake It Off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuNIsY6JdUw # Taylor Swift - You Belong With Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AgFeZr5ptV8 # Taylor Swift - 22
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-CmadmM5cOk # Taylor Swift - Style
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WA4iX5D9Z64 # Taylor Swift - We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xg3vE8Ie_E # Taylor Swift - Love Story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJXjcAzJQ7E # Taylor Swift - I Knew You Were Trouble
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYa1eI1hpDE # Taylor Swift - Mean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zlot0i3Zykw # Taylor Swift - Red
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsQTHdZ0Taw # Taylor Swift - New Romantics


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YzL7zwa_mas # Sneaky Sound System - UFO


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mGBaXPlri8 # t.A.T.u. - All The Things She Said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yP4Nm86yk0 # t.A.T.u. - All About Us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HL-N9oOjcs # t.A.T.u. - Not Gonna Get Us


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0FWRT9C9XMQ # Icona Pop - All Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yL4g87IBdpE # Icona Pop - We Got The World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-TbzEkfV08 # Icona Pop - I Love It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5_5s5jCYUg # Icona Pop - Girlfriend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=237ifbELBNg # Icona Pop - Just Another Night


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rhww-odwLLM # The Used - A Box Full of Sharp Objects


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GInz4bQfJX0 # Avril Lavigne - Girlfriend (Portuguese version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnYgQZ-QULI # Avril Lavigne - Girlfriend


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iP6XpLQM2Cs # Kesha - Tik Tok
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edP0L6LQzZE # Kesha - Take It Off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOubzHCUt48 # Kesha - Die Young
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QR_qa3Ohwls # Kesha - Your Love Is My Drug
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3taEuL4EHAg # Kesha - Blah Blah Blah


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPudE8nDog0 # The Human League - Don't You Want Me Baby


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXLfsJDEWGY # The Scorpions - Rock you like a hurricane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cno20onK9dY # Cake - Going the distance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YleXlgHI1oM # Salt 'n Pepa - Push it real good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R20f-TPKjzc # Electric Light Orchestra - Evil Woman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKi9Z-f6qX4 # Deadmau5 - Strobe


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5f27dW_AS0 # Ellie Goulding - Burn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGATPcunhlA # Ellie Goulding - Goodness Gracious
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiYEG11UO2Q # Madeon ft Ellie Goulding - Stay Awake


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnfSpZXNmBo # Tiffany - I Think We're Alone Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWcASV2sey0 # Bonnie Tyler - Holding Out For A Hero


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucmsunDs3jE # Rachel Bloom - I Steal Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1IxOS4VzKM # Rachel Bloom - Fuck Me, Ray Bradbury
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pophN0sF2UU # Rachel Bloom - Die When I'm Young


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKhV1Z1nylo # The Slip - Even Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jow667CNxMY # The Slip - Children of December


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRfuAukYTKg # David Guetta - Titanium


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vjPBrBU-TM # Sia - Chandelier
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNdeLSKSZ1M # Sia - Fire Meet Gasoline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWZGAExj-es # Sia - Elastic Heart


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpI2JSn2o0A # Rodrigo y Gabriela - Hanuman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gzea9B0Hbu4 # Big Data - The Business of Emotion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQHsXMglC9A # Adele - Hello
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mq9zhpBweDk # Muse - Madness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEQMkzjcLEA # deadmau5 - Some Chords
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rXcXFpdShY # Pure Reason Revolution - AVO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjKcmZGhUrQ # Everything Everything - Cough Cough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfviND95xRw # Lady Gaga - Jewels n' Drugs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjrUOlK2714 # The Flaming Lips - The Yeah Yeah Yeah Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AG9REBW3b2s # Simian Mobile Disco - I Believe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qg6BwvDcANg # alt-J - Tessellate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npvNPORFXpc # alt-J - Fitzpleasure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7M7CiegyP90 # Wolfgang Gartner - Fire Power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LaKd3tUPN9E # Random - Sitges Savepoint
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uz9FkYrhdfU # Random - Spontaneous Devotion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFyVdItksX4 # Skrillex - Right In
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJVmu6yttiw # Skrillex - Bangarang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUA8OzQxGxE # Skrillex - Breakn' a Sweat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSeNSzJ2-Jw # Skrillex - Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suPlYwJ3YvM # Jordin Sparks - Battlefield
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFAMmmsffMc # Big Giant Circles - The Clubbing of Isaac
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pta-gf6JaHQ # Muse - Supermassive Black Hole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1qzYsESDhc # Muse - Map of the Problematique
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3Yc3HhSl1Q # Muse - Knights of Cydonia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6EQAOmJrbw # My Chemical Romance - Teenagers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljy3vAcQdiQ # Jimmy Eat World - If You Don't, Don't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcNo07Xp8aQ # Robyn - Dancing on My Own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ElgiMmHdNR4 # Robyn - Fembot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OH9A6tn_P6g # Paramore - Ignorance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWpX4We62dg # OVERWERK - Canon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywKIjpkfOiE # Cansei de Ser Sexy - Music Is My Hot, Hot Sex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xB1w2zXeY54 # RuPaul - Champion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6isko-bFGA # DJ Cutman - Around the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxchPg3Ty9s # Kesha - Blow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64liF2VuLxI # Ratatat - Loud Pipes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKniXABsUeE # Ratatat - Wildcat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CBBtorFg2I # Our Lady Peace - Superman's Dead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xp2P6JKc1QE # Our Lady Peace - Clumsy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sO-msplukrw # DVW - Chow Down (at Chick Fil-A)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIbXvaE39wM # Wilson Phillips - Hold On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fz2ZDeTYgTs # The Fratellis - Flathead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJXQSBWO5Qc # The Decemberists - O Valencia!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKzWLUQizz8 # Justice - Genesis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YpAnaGTFGw # The Sounds - 4 Songs and a Fight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPlQpGeTbIE # Junior Senior - Move Your Feet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TffpkE2GU4 # Haim - The Wire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIjVpRAXK18 # Haim - Falling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMxU2ToSunY # AFI - Miss Murder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4om1rQKPijI # Loituma - Ievan Polkka
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGBhQbmPwH8 # Daft Punk - One More Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDpmVUEjagg # Daft Punk - Harder Better Faster Stronger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quHVq28Y_gg # Daft Punk - Crescendolls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPQjeGytAwQ # Annie - My Love Is Better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSM3w1v-A_Y # OneRepublic - Apologize
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5sJhSNUkwQ # Muse - Dead Inside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNxDhpD7tg0 # The Sounds - Queen of Apology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_yelC4FqIA # The Sounds - Painted By Numbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYU5mB9PMlE # EnV - Firefrost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRRZK2Gd9Js # EnV - Shakestopper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXH2AkEMLrs # EnV - Uprise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxekUeWmGzg # Hot Hot Heat - Running Out of Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZp09DCzbqY # Hot Hot Heat - Shame on You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGUPsdOCZ-A # Weezer - The British Are Coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQmDUEv939A # KT Tunstall - Black Horse and the Cherry Tree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVnSV6jvraE # Lady Gaga - Bad Romance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNqIUb2RdGQ # Lady Gaga - Alejandro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoK63Bk7pgw # Metric - Help I'm Alive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYLjHhSOE7s # Metric - Gold Guns Girls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-okd1I1V3q8 # Regina Spektor - Dance Anthem of the 80s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCK8WHkbvvg # The Faint - The Geeks Were Right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmHDhAohJlQ # The Prodigy - Breathe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DPF_pWIy3w # The Prodigy - Smack My Bitch Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49rhRF4bkf8 # Electric Six - Gay Bar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRrfnvGQG1I # Electric Six - Dance Commander
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NF4azs25kUw # Down at McDonnelzzz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktwlN_ocL-o # Franz Ferdinand - Michael
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ijk4j-r7qPA # Franz Ferdinand - Take Me Out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4s6H4ku6ZY # Far East Movement - Like a G6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ufb70h78eO4 # Fall Out Boy - Sugar, We're Going Down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVmnkZdbH2U # Fall Out Boy - Dance Dance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uaP6KgwbOvo # Jimmy Eat World - Pain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdSRfdu_dLU # Justin Timberlake - Sexy Back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuK6n2Lkza0 # Jet - Are You Gonna Be My Girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUpP02enWgU # Spoon - I Turn My Camera On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0fkNdPiIL4 # Benny Benassi - Satisfaction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_fCqg92qks # Eric Prydz - Call on Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wq7ftOZBy0E # Girls Generation - I Got a Boy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7mPqycQ0tQ # Girls Generation - Gee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_gfD3nvh-8 # Girls Generation - Run Devil Run
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jG1cIlM1juw # Girls Generation - Flower Power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CaWgZ5HidXg # Girls Generation - You-aholic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wrsZog8qXg # The Postal Service - Such Great Heights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yF5FD3o0LGA # The Postal Service - The District Sleeps Alone Tonight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0IKboP7JhA0 # RuPaul - The Beginning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RF1rFSoN3JQ # Big Giant Circles - Go for Distance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izMEU4orFBU # Big Giant Circles - Peanut Butter Cupquakes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXXwkzB5eoY # God Is an Astronaut - Shadows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmc21V-zBq0 # Woodkid - Run Boy Run
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvBfHwUxHIk # Rihanna - Umbrella
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LOUvMMjM_w # Rihanna - Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTKY5GTQ1HQ # Rihanna - Disturbia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DSgs6GkHow # Kendrick Lamar - Backseat Freestyle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTAud5O7Qqk # Modest Mouse - Float On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZX6Q-Bj_xg # Passion Pit - Take a Walk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6CHs4x2uqcQ # Kanye West - Good Morning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsO6ZnUZI0g # Kanye West - Stronger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SzFaEqbLRM # Somewhere Out There
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1LgaV-dyEs # Neon Trees - In the Next Room
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcnWysA9gxo # Loreen - Euphoria
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTmIF3ppcW8 # Loreen - My Heart Is Refusing Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9e9NSMY8QiQ # Tegan and Sara - Closer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjgDuImuD_4 # Tegan and Sara - Goodbye, Goodbye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ha-lMhCtmRs # Tegan and Sara - Love They Say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkrfGsBJsME # DJ Sammy - Heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QK8mJJJvaes # Macklemore - Thrift Shop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SihoKQ-uLqE # Macklemore - Can't Hold Us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EiE2R0xfbxM # Vanessa Carlton - Hands on Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q89OdbX7A8E # Pendulum - Slam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yca6UsllwYs # Daft Punk - Around the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykW4rtW2eu0 # The Veronicas - Untouched
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-TYjO9v9LWg # The Veronicas - I Can't Stay Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGdGFtwCNBE # The Killers - Mr. Brightside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y5fBdpreJiU # The Killers - Somebody Told Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYSVMgRr6pw # Hozier - Take Me to Church
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFZjqVnWBhc # Daft Punk - Robot Rock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8K90hX4PrE # Daft Punk - Technologic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnlTplhujrY # Weezer - Where’s My Sex?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gv1lZA8lX44 # BT - Hikari
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sqs0ylVEZ-Y # The Mamas and the Papas - Straight Shooter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xw722dGGvy4 # Shiny Toy Guns - Ghost Town
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROyTOVg3qG8 # Infected Mushroom - I’m the Supervisor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7C3OHQa0VU # Infected Mushroom - Meduzz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WXi0dvjbhY # Big Giant Circles - Chips Ahoy Mateys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5YkZdo452k # Big Giant Circles - Super VVVVVVeat Boy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeR2P_zuU_Y # Big Giant Circles - Buzzsaw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvZeWXh-Lnc # Big Giant Circles - HappiNESs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_lxc5DHBrc # Big Giant Circles - Your Quest Is Over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7UKu8s84S0 # Radiohead - 15 Step
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CY-lUtRTdSA # Pendulum - Showdown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eU1DniTu8NU # InnerPartySystem - Die Tonight Live Forever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlhtNfTHZCk # InnerPartySystem - Don’t Stop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4V4IEV8l-gA # Hideki Naganuma - The Concept of Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfLK13n91Q8 # Hideki Naganuma - Fly Like a Butterfly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mizSUxxuCiY # Hideki Naganuma - Humming the Bassline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51Bpx63wkbA # Royksopp - Happy Up Here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2ci4WAD2zo # Royksopp - Tricky Tricky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQdC7h609k8 # La Roux - Bulletproof
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXtATeQ7GKg # La Roux - In for the Kill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpEOErRV-u4 # La Roux - In for the Kill (Skrillex remix)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nP-UvFO-7nk # Lupe Fiasco - I Don’t Wanna Care Right Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7kqfeRb0KY # LCD Soundsystem - Daft Punk Is Playing at My House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQUTa7FNkUI # Ferry Corsten - Loud Electronic Ferocious
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sMmIY_d588 # Jennifer Knapp - Inside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFl7DhdGGzo # Lights - Up We Go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jXiJ_NHUXo # Lights - Speeding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1FtDFrCsGQ # Rihanna - Only Girl in the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3N9iSBanTs # Hot Hot Heat - Bandages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UVNT4wvIGY # Gotye - Somebody that I Used to Know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUq7tbuH00E # Everything Everything - MY KZ, UR BF
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9ZGN_eAEbA # Manchester Orchestra - I’ve Got Friends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIwTthBqScE # Sigur Ros - Gobbledigook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eh0rAUwZSQ # Placebo - Meds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbzQxNuMZ-Y # Battles - Ddiamondd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TERyxFfMqDk # Lisa Miskovsky - Still Alive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjzrGBwmKeE # Atomic Tom - Take Me Out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVWPFq_VAMg # Incubus - Nice to Know You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_dw3TZNIGE # Yeah Yeah Yeahs - Sacrilege
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XVWR-5fiG0 # Mutemath - Typical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sp1mVNOB5tg # Kanye West - Power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAfFfqiYLp0 # Kanye West - All of the Lights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGyIXJ4KG8U # Kanye West - Monster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxSWj5bou9M # Silversun Pickups - Bloody Mary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSNZRq-Qbj8 # Grouplove - Colours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzJ21OpFnZ0 # Against Me! - Thrash Unreal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fGmfl9ZJxo # Against Me! - Stop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktvTqknDobU # Imagine Dragons - Radioactive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbiFcPhccu8 # tUnE-yArDs - Water Fountain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3gUDjDF1SQ # Torcht - Deeper Into the Void
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvXuPTvEjY8 # Torcht - Abandoned Utopia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrppsFuMyTw # Torcht - The Sentinel Is Watching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjzyKLrRDGA # Los Campesinos - Avocado, Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbB3iGRHtqA # Scooter - How Much Is the Fish?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BejgJThwuLw # OVERWERK - The Nth Degree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9fLbfzCqWw # Yellowcard - Ocean Avenue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yW4Fb5GTMFc # Yeasayer - Ambling Alp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mItuZ8i4wH8 # OK Go - Invincible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rMfPvv3BMs # Metric - Combat Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFMrBVq0KpM # Circa Survive - In the Morning and Amazing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUVCQXMUVnI # Kid Cudi - Memories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eg3F4zpOdK8 # Kings of Leon - Closer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnhXHvRoUd0 # Kings of Leon - Use Somebody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0uFakDj5D8 # Muse - New Born
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPdCaSwzouU # Misterwives - Not Your Way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Im4ZyTuFM1c # Misterwives - Best I Can Do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHpNolrNQWw # Third Eye Blind - Forget Myself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-uOy5ceN_tE # Fatboy Slim - Wonderful Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntI2IPD5tSI # Shaimus - All of This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tB1Rzsg6AY # The Naked and Famous - All of This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kC29pd_5sQU # The Naked and Famous - Punching in a Dream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XlxNMTggMFc # The Naked and Famous - Young Blood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQcRPhp5DUM # The Naked and Famous - Girls Like You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKjZuykKY1I # The Darkness - I Believe in a Thing Called Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jeRY-jxKuqA # The Darkness - Black Shuck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-isI96eqGY # The Darkness - Get Your Hands Off My Woman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0j6pe043L4 # Souleye - Passion for Exploring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2lE783ONrM # The Go! Team - Grip Like a Vice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlcIKh6sBtc # Lorde - Royals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8Ymd-OCucs # Lorde - Tennis Court
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5EofwRzit0 # Daft Punk - Get Lucky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tU-VA3BYzmg # deadmau5 - Ghosts ‘n Stuff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3sOA6yQc4A # Great Big Sea - Mari-Mac
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ei8hPkyJ0bU # Paramore - crushcrushcrush
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kz6hNDlEEg # Paramore - That’s What You Get
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSjZpaQu75c # Eisley - Trolley Wood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8-tXG8KrWs # The Strokes - Reptilia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qbu98Vj7BU8 # Tegan and Sara - Arrow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YE-4ekeMv0Q # Tegan and Sara - Northshore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXKEYo98ybE # Tegan and Sara - Someday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHuebHTD-lY # Sam Sparro - Black and Gold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkVH4ZYK1qM # M83 - You Appearing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIY64norZqY # M83 - Skin of the Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Xf-Lesrkuc # Train - Drops of Jupiter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PE8XM1gHEno # The Veronicas - 4ever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQOOf7tWNks # The Veronicas - Leave Me Alone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wsysh9VWEv0 # Lindsey Stirling - Shatter Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1yUYvyAY954 # Lindsey Stirling - We Are Giants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wr85x0Cow1o # Lily Allen - URL Badman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xqw4wo8vdY8 # Purity Ring - Fireshrines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbebU0xLntI # Lights - Flux and Flow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEBLCoNVwds # Lights - Everybody Breaks a Glass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYnr4Q-IVIw # Lights - Banner (acoustic)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKEIt9tAXt4 # Mumford & Sons - Little Lion Man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdBt3n1MtFM # Bloc Party - Like Eating Glass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMJnTYDp2Wc # Bloc Party - Positive Tension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ri7MiiHiLjM # Bloc Party - She’s Hearing Voices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uI1KXHJVO8 # The Knife - Silent Shout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T10AqDxsE6E # Aesop Rock - Leisureforce
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZEBGCOCxLgA # Aesop Rock - None Shall Pass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0NwYs8RUwc # The Sounds - Something to Die For
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCK_yrvKaz4 # BT - Skylarking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKdkscNhQLY # BT - Letting Go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJ2np7R-Uwg # LCD Soundsystem - North American Scum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KW2alu51C4U # LCD Soundsystem - Us v. Them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bu-eDnw9AZw # LCD Soundsystem - Sound of Silver
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ri0f-Hh6-U # Imogen Heap - Clear the Area
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y54ABqSOScQ # Slagmalsklubben - Sponsored by Destiny
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omFWGBfVRo4 # The Music - Strength in Numbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q05YB5WH2AE # Silversun Pickups - There’s No Secrets This Year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPzU1Uz8ujw # Silversun Pickups - The Royal We
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0PkR1q7TrI # Silversun Pickups - It’s Nice to Know You Work Alone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AG8fugqFn9Q # Silversun Pickups - Panic Switch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j08iHBqiavU # Silversun Pickups - Catch and Release
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6h_WPICwr8 # Metric - Synthetica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWd7LDgikj0 # Scissor Sisters - I Don’t Feel Like Dancin’
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JCLY0Rlx6Q # Walk the Moon - Shut Up and Dance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzkCk6-d8Oc # Walk the Moon - Work This Body
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YVwChiCkbA # BT - Suddenly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hMAVLXk9QWA # 30 Seconds to Mars - This Is War
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4O-sqYN13SU # Live - Shit Towne
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hee0aUVnK1U # Live - All Over You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSEtYNOgWKY # Kendrick Lamar - King Kunta
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31sZ9xZr_Ew # Franz Ferdinand - Ulysses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oLzX0RPquk # Foster the People - Pumped Up Kicks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXwYJyrKK5A # Two Door Cinema Club - What You Know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3bSCZXKvUA # Sleigh Bells - Tell ‘Em
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3kS4mMNMho # Sleigh Bells - A/B Machines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPFGlfgYgPU # Third Eye Blind - Sharp Knife
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfvCzC3sxQE # The Veronicas - Cruel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDneaB5Wzqo # The Veronicas - Line of Fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9okF0_m1EQ # Depeche Mode - Personal Jesus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDrschw-wdI # Ke$ha - Warrior
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJH38M723aU # Shiny Toy Guns - Le Disko
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1c2OfAzDTI # The Ting Tings - That’s Not My Name
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_r3ADM70xiI # The Sounds - Weekend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3WS8lcu_fhU # The Sounds - Outlaw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2fwp8k4Hkw # Wolfgang Gartner - Get ‘Em
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4EH2qAlQyo # Wolfgang Gartner - Space Junk (OVERWERK remix)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pK7egZaT3hs # Arctic Monkeys - I Bet You Look Good on the Dancefloor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEuAImZOF2Q # We Are Scientists - Nobody Move, Nobody Get Hurt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PE1ges9nn6A # Laura Veirs - Galaxies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdDHi5SSIlM # The Flaming Lips - Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsXzLgPXlNE # Franz Ferdinand - The Fallen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OJRRUnY--A # Franz Ferdinand - Do You Want To
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9N9Ma2uRyE # Franz Ferdinand - This Boy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mPfrYFRKNY # Fatboy Slim - Love Island
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7ZlSHGFfdc # Fatboy Slim - Right Here, Right Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LODkVkpaVQA # Chumbawamba - Tubthumping
